Artificial Intelligence:

  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qYNweeDHiyU

Machine Learning as an equation:
  A computer program is said to learn from experience E with respect to some class of tasks T 
  and performance measure P, if its performance at tasks in T, as measured by P, improves with experience E.
  Experience E is the information the machine processes using the taks T, 
  to get to closer to what you want to produce, the performance measure P.

  How humans learns, by analysing the data, finding the patterns and use 
  the patterns to make decisions or to predict the outcome of future events.
  What happens when we have too much data ?
  Whether humans have the ability to analyse and find the patterns from volume of data.
  Why do we need ML? 
    It is all about the volume of the data available to us,
    ML will learn from the data we give them and, importantly, respond to changes in the data they are given to produce useful results.

  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdUQfoCwiNc

Real World applications of machine learning:

Machine learning involves the use of computer algorithms to learn how to perform different tasks.
Let’s look at a few examples where machine learning is being applied.

  1) Robotics:
      Some examples of machine learning applications in robotics are creating walking and jumping patterns for humanoid robots 
  2)  Computer Vision:
      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0KUk4qUzFho&t=155s
  3)  Board Games:
    In March 2016; AlphaGo, the board-game-playing AI from Google’s DeepMind beat Korean Go Champion Lee Sedol 4-1. 
    AlphaGo uses deep neural networks and Monte Carlo tree search.

    Watch this 3 minute trailer for the AlphaGo documentary. 
    The win is a defining moment in AI similar to when the computer, Deep Blue, beat Garry Kasparov at chess in 1996.

  4)  Voice Recognition:
      Technologies such as Siri and Google Home are examples of this. Siri uses speech recognizer, 
      natural language processing and text-to-speech techniques.
      The Australian Government Tax Office now holds millions of voice prints to identify Australians.
      Their voice is compared with a stored voiceprint which captures more than 140 unique physical and 
      behavioural characteristics of a person such as length of the vocal tract and nasal passage, 
      the size and shape of the larynx, pitch, cadence and accent. (Nott, 2016)
      
      How would you go at recognising people by voice? How about a million people? This is where machine learning excels.
  5)  Digit Recognition:
      Digit Recognition is the task of reading in the images of handwritten numbers and letters and 
      outputting its machine-encoded equivalent. Machine Learning methods (SVM and Deep Learning) have hit >99% accuracy for this task.
      Other examples are detection of numberplates, printed numbers on bills, handwriting and CAPTCHA.

  6)  Other interesting applications
      A wide variety of machine learning applications are related to:

      healthcare analytics: diagnosis and prognosis
      stock market prediction
      business analytics
      facial recognition
